[Gateway] Proxy Happy Eyeballs algorithm (#19432)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/cloudflare-one/policies/gateway/proxy.mdx

The Gateway proxy is required for filtering HTTP and network traffic via the WARP client in Gateway with WARP mode. To proxy HTTP traffic without deploying the WARP client, you can configure [PAC files](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/agentless/pac-files/) on your devices.

## Proxy algorithm

> Gatway uses the [Happy Eyeballs algorithm](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6555) to proxy traffic in the following order:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Gateway uses the [Happy Eyeballs algorithm](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6555) to proxy traffic in the following order:
```

1. The user's browser initiates the TCP handshake by sending Gateway a TCP SYN segment.
2. Gateway sends a SYN segment to the origin server.
3. If the origin server sends a SYN-ACK segment back, Gateway establishes distinct TCP connections between the user and Gateway and between Gateway and the origin server.
4. Gateway inspects and filters traffic received from the user.
5. If the traffic passes inspection, Gateway proxies traffic bidirectionally between the user and the origin server.

```mermaid
flowchart TD
    %% Accessibility
    accTitle: How Gateway proxy works
    accDescr: Flowchart describing how the Gateway proxy uses the Happy Eyeballs algorithm to establish TCP connections and proxy user traffic.

    %% Flowchart

>     A[WARP client sends TCP SYN to Gateway] --> B[Gateway sends TCP SYN to origin server]

Reviewer: Is it only the WARP client that sends the TCP SYN? What about other methods of sending traffic to Gateway?

>     A[WARP client sends TCP SYN to Gateway] --> B[Gateway sends TCP SYN to origin server]

Author: ```suggestion
    A[User's device sends TCP SYN to Gateway] --> B[Gateway sends TCP SYN to origin server]
```
